feat(releases): Update docs to use GitHub App instead of service account PAT (#11805)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/processes/releases.mdx

Give the following teams access to your repository:

- `engineering` -> `write`

You can do this self-service via the settings page of your repository:
`https://github.com/getsentry/REPONAME_HERE/settings/access`

## Create ruleset for the repo

> Download and save the [default ruleset template](https://docs.sentry.io/json/Default_ruleset.json) as a JSON file.

Reviewer: This url s 404ing for me, is it correct?

Reviewer: Ah, I see the issue here, let's change it to a relative url:

```suggestion
Download and save the [default ruleset template](/json/Default_ruleset.json) as a JSON file.
```

Author: @coolguyzone the changes I'm making to are on develop.sentry.dev, and the JSON is hosted on docs.sentry.io, hence I don't think the relative URL will work.
I would love to move the JSON over under the develop domain, but I'm not sure how to do that, any suggestions?

Reviewer: Ah, fair point. In that case, the absolute URL makes sense.

Author: I was having incorrect assumption here, I thought the JSON folder is only available under docs.sentry.io, but it's also available for develop.sentry.dev. 
Updated link to make it a relative URL

> Visit to the ruleset setting page of your repository: `https://github.com/getsentry/REPONAME_HERE/settings/rules`, click on the green `New ruleset` button, choose `Import a ruleset`, and select the JSON file you just downloaded. You can tweak the ruleset settings as you need, but make sure not to remove the App in the Bypass List.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit the ruleset setting page of your repository: `https://github.com/getsentry/REPONAME_HERE/settings/rules`, click on the green **New ruleset** button, choose **Import a ruleset**, and select the JSON file you just downloaded. You can tweak the ruleset settings, but please don't remove the App in the Bypass List.
```
